#summary Some suggestions for the design of the UI for this site

== Transcript of email sent to an interested volunteer (who is busy and unable to work on this at this time) ==


Functionality is very similar to Digg, Reddit or Mixx.

Possible inspiration can be from Digg, Mixx (Reddit is too ugly). On the whole, I think Digg looks really good except that I find too "heavy" in that everything has a large font and everything is close together. It would be better if the design gave more space between elements so that it looked less heavy than Digg.

Home page

Types, categories, sub-categories, search must be on the top menu. But the popular/upcoming can be on the sidebar. The sub-categories can be a drop-down menu but I think the Digg-style menu looks ugly. Perhaps, the facebook-style drop down menus will look better as seen in the screenshots. Another really cool way to show sub-categories is on http://www.colourlovers.com/trends but I am not sure if the animation will work out here.

Forms

I like http://lipidity.com/fancy-form/#example, http://dnevnikeklektika.com/uni-form/ or wufoo.com but anything that looks good is fine. Instructions must be allowed for the user beside the field ( i.e. there must be some text beside every field to tell the user how to fill up this field like "passwords must be between 6 and 8 characters").

Besides these two pages, there are two more important page types -- profile page and story summary page. I will pass you mockups of that as soon as I can. 

http://mail.google.com/mail/?realattid=f_fa9s2ymm&attid=0.1&disp=inline&view=att&th=116e3bed6e6ce37f